♪When darkness gathers,
flowing like a river♪
♪We stand apart at distant ends♪
♪Bound by fate,
we fight with no way back♪
♪Once we act, no regrets remain♪
♪Defying the looming foreboding♪
♪Breaking free from tangled strands♪
♪Lost in the dark, with bullets cold♪
♪Till all fades away like smoke♪
=Hide Games=
=Episode 2=
Master.
I can go myself.
You stay out of it.
Did Wu tell you
about the man who reported the case?
He said it was me.
It really was you?
I don't remember.
Don't worry.
No matter who this case involves,
I'll look into everything.
My condolences.
I never expected him
to be the first to go
among the three of us.
You're Mr. An's friend?
You've forgotten me?
You do look familiar.
Sorry about that.
My memory's been bad lately.
You weren't like this
when you chased me.
I chased you?
Yeah.
So we were...
I dumped you later on.
You, me, and Mr. An
were classmates at the police academy.
After graduation, I left the field
and opened a psychological clinic.
Come by sometime.
(Chen Yasin)
(Hypnosis and heal)
Let me fix your mind.
Hey, Master.
Where's Xiao Ran's body?
I want to go see her.
Chief Han.
If it's confirmed, please sign.
(Body Identification Form)
Where's the autopsy report?
I'm sorry.
Chief Wang said you can't see it.
If I can't see it, can you tell me?
It's nothing serious.
Just make an exception.
Chief Han, don't let anyone know.
Aside from the fatal wound
in Xiao Ran's body,
they also found and extracted
a male DNA sample.
Whose is it?
Officer An Shaocong's.
Are you sure?
Did you tell Wang Jian
about Xiao Ran and me?
No.
But Master,
I want to know
what really happened.
Was it you?
I don't know.
I don't remember.
Wu,
I need you to do me a favor.
Help me
buy some more time.
I'll give you
and Wang Jian an answer.
Where are you going?
Didn't expect you'd show up so soon.
I did my homework.
You're the top psychiatrist in town.
So,
I need your help.
As my ex-boyfriend
or patient?
Which is safer?
Let's go over this.
You said Han Xu reenacted the killer's
every move and step.
When he heard
about An Shaocong and Xiao Ran's affair,
he lost control.
But you think he can't recall it all.
Yes.
My master, he...
Han Xu.
He's in deep pain.
I feel he's at his limit.
Chief Wang.
I believe he's a good man.
A good man?
Come here.
Take a look.
Every single time,
he's the one in charge
of catching Wang Mingcheng.
All the dealers got caught.
Why does Wang Mingcheng
get away every time?
Also,
there are even stronger drugs now
hitting the streets.
Their undercover died
right alongside Xiao Ran.
And you're telling me he's a good guy?
Is that your personal opinion
or a professional police officer's?
I haven't changed my mind.
But I'll follow orders.
Alright.
Stay out of everything else.
Just focus on doing your job.
Have some water first.
You said you dreamed of killing someone.
Then that person actually died.
I used to think
I had no reason to kill him.
But now, I'm doubting myself.
It's like I'm just a bystander,
watching myself do all those things.
That's why I think...
You think you have
a split personality?
Right.
You need to know
that dreams in our minds
don't last forever.
After we wake up,
they change over time.
You mean
I deliberately linked my dream
to a real case in life?
It's possible.
Then what about my memories?
Why can't I remember so many people?
Maybe your head
once took a serious hit.
But to be sure,
I need to arrange in advance
a full checkup for you.
I don't have time.
Treat me right now.
I already started.
What do you mean?
Wang Mingcheng is right inside.
I'll go get the informant out.
Master.
Where's Wang Mingcheng?
He got away.
Did you find the refined formula?
(Police)
Nuo, come here.
Your daughter?
Yeah, Nuo. She's eight now.
Go on, go play.
Where's your husband?
He's gone.
No idea when he'll be back.
So, do you remember anything?
I think
I was on some kind of mission.
There were bits of broken glass.
But it's all kind of blurry.
From what I see,
you don't have a split personality.
What?
You're saying I'm fine?
I can tell you with confidence
that you definitely don't have that.
Then what's going on with me?
I need to make arrangements soon
to get your head checked
and see if we can find
the cause of the memory loss.
Sorry about this.
We haven't met in years,
and my first visit
is over something like this.
I'm just glad you still thought of me.
(Wu: They're coming for you. Run!)
Did you tell Wang Jian
about Xiao Ran and me?
No.
(Memory recovery: 10%)
(Memories about arresting
the drug lord are coming back.)
♪Waiting for the fragrance of flowers♪
♪To cross over the high wall♪
♪Waiting for the shore♪
♪To forget the storm♪
♪Just like this♪
♪Wasting a few inches♪
♪Of daylight♪
♪Half for the memories♪
♪Half for the dreams♪
♪Oh, little boat♪
♪Where are you going♪
♪No need to answer that♪
♪Just let me♪
♪Watch you drift away♪
♪Into the sunset glow♪
♪Don't be afraid♪
♪This world♪
♪Is vast as it may be♪
♪But there's always♪
♪Someone who cares♪
♪Shining like a lighthouse♪